OKTA-620014 Updates to Web App with Redirect Quickstart (#4295)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app-redirect/main/python/reqautheverything.md

> You can use a middleware function or the `@before_request` decorator to protect every endpoint so only authenticated users can access anything. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a middleware function or the `@before_request` decorator to protect every endpoint so that only authenticated users have access. For example:
```
